feat: Support configurable Windows PauseImage (#3594)
Azure/aks-engine: docs/topics/clusterdefinitions.md

| enableAutomaticUpdates        | no       | If set to `true` Windows Update will be configured to automatically apply updates on Windows nodes. Default: `false`                                                                                                                                            |
| enableCSIProxy                | no       | If set to `true` the csi-proxy specified by `windowsProfile.csiProxyURL` will get installed during node provisioning. See [Windows Csi Proxy](csi-proxy-windows.md) for more details.                                                                           |
| provisioningScriptsPackageURL | no       | Path to a package containing provisioning scripts found in [/staging/provisioning/windows](/staging/provisioning/windows). Default values will be maintained by aks-engine team and contain script content signed by Microsoft.                                 |

> | windowsPauseImageURL          | no       | Path to a Windows pause image. Default values will be maintained by aks-engine team.                                 |

Reviewer: can we add an example to the docs:  # e.g. "mcr.microsoft.com/oss/kubernetes/pause:1.4.0"

```suggestion
| windowsPauseImageURL          | no       | Url to a Windows pause image. Default values will be maintained by aks-engine team.  e.g. "mcr.microsoft.com/oss/kubernetes/pause:1.4.0"                                |
```

> | alwaysPullWindowsPauseImage   | no       | If set to `true`, it will always pull the Windows pause image from MCR repo. Default: `false`                                   |

Reviewer: it will always pull but not nessarilly from the MCR repo.  It would always pull from the repo specified.
